Remove Windows support (#234)
rogchap/v8go: README.md

### Windows

> There used to be Windows binary support. For further information see, [this PR](UPDATE).

Reviewer: This can be filled in now that the PR is open.

```suggestion
There used to be Windows binary support. For further information see, [PR #234](https://github.com/rogchap/v8go/pull/234).
```

Author: Thank you!

1) The build is not yet triggered automatically. To trigger it manually, go to the [V8
Build](https://github.com/rogchap/v8go/actions?query=workflow%3A%22V8+Build%22) Github Action, Select "Run workflow",
and select your pushed branch eg. `v8_upgrade/<v8-version>`.

> 1) Once built, this should open 2 PRs against your branch to add the `libv8.a` for Linux and macOS; merge

Reviewer: Looks like an update was missed on this after ARM64 support was added for macOS

```suggestion
1) Once built, this should open 3 PRs against your branch to add the `libv8.a` for Linux (for x86_64) and macOS for x86_64 and arm64; merge
```
